Useless who said useless
Mr. Zhao, didn't you go to pick up Fan?
It should not be stolen for global entertainment
Now, Van's going to be on stage soon.
What are we still doing here?
Get out of the way
He's the one who got out of the way, I don't understand.
How much did you take from him?
Suddenly so confused
Look at how many hooligans have been made in this audience today
How many have been helped?
Tianwang Tianhao is in this position today
It's not that you don't point fingers enough
Chen Ou-dong
You are not afraid to offend Fan's fans.
Make them angry
Is it implicated in your career?
Who is Global Entertainment signing today?
Come
What is Liang Hao going to do?
OK
Including sloppy
Is it trash that can't be driven out, dare you?
Chen Tianhao, who gave you the right?
Dare to be sensible on the performance of Fan's efforts
Let's not give him rights around the world